add Auth0 configuration documentation (#1436)
jupyterhub/zero-to-jupyterhub-k8s: doc/source/authentication.rst

         userdata_params: {'state': 'state'}
         username_key: preferred_username

Auth0

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: Thanks for the PR @philvarner. A few comments...

Reviewer: In rst, the underline should be the same length as the line above.

Author: > In rst, the underline should be the same length as the line above.

fixed

> Auth0 is a popular commercial provider of identity management. The jupyterhub helm does not support Auth0 as a

Reviewer: ...JupyterHub helm chart does not include Auth0 support by default. To use Auth0, ``extraEnv`` and ``extraConfig`` need to be configured as follows:

Author: Thanks, I merged what we both wrote.

         userdata_params: {'state': 'state'}
         username_key: preferred_username

Auth0
^^^^^

Auth0 is a popular commercial provider of identity management. The JupyterHub helm chart does not include support for
Auth0 by default.  To use Auth0, ``extraEnv`` and ``extraConfig`` must be configured as follows:

Note that without the scope defined, authenticating to JupyterHub after already being logged in to Auth0 will fail.

.. code-block:: yaml

    hub:
      extraEnv:

>         AUTH0_SUBDOMAIN: 'prod-8ua-1yy9'

Reviewer 2: It looks like `extraEnv` needs to be in `name:`, `value:` format.

```suggestion
      - name: AUTH0_SUBDOMAIN
        value: 'prod-8ua-1yy9'
```

Reviewer 3: This Helm chart supports the current format alongside the name/value format with is the k8s native format.

      extraConfig:
        myConfig.py: |

>           c.JupyterHub.authenticator_class = 'oauthenticator.auth0.Auth0OAuthenticator'
>           c.Auth0OAuthenticator.client_id = 'y0urc1logonc1ient1d'
>           c.Auth0OAuthenticator.client_secret = 'an0ther1ongs3cretstr1ng'
>           c.Auth0OAuthenticator.oauth_callback_url = 'https://<your_jupyterhub_host>/hub/oauth_callback'
>           c.Auth0OAuthenticator.scope = ['openid', 'email']
>           c.Authenticator.admin_users = {
>                 'devops@example.com'
>               }
>           c.Authenticator.auto_login = True
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
          c.JupyterHub.authenticator_class = 'oauthenticator.auth0.Auth0OAuthenticator'
          c.Auth0OAuthenticator.client_id = 'client-id-from-auth0-here'
          c.Auth0OAuthenticator.client_secret = 'client-secret-from-auth0-here'
          c.Auth0OAuthenticator.oauth_callback_url = 'https://<your_jupyterhub_host>/hub/oauth_callback'
          c.Auth0OAuthenticator.scope = ['openid', 'email']
          c.Authenticator.admin_users = {
              'devops@example.com'
          }
          c.Authenticator.auto_login = True
```
